Fixed typo (#1236)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/extend/testing/acceptance-tests/index.html.md

Terraform requires an environment variable `TF_ACC` be set in order to run
acceptance tests. This is by design, and intended to prevent developers from

> incurring unintended changes when running tests. The easiest way to run

Reviewer: This isn't a typo, but instead refers to accidentally running up an actual-cash-money bill with your cloud provider. How about this, though? 

```suggestion
incurring a larger-than-expected bill with a cloud provider when running tests. The easiest way to run
```
